	Log of changes made to Minicom.

Miquel van Smoorenburg, miquels@drinkel.nl.mugnet.org
			miquels@cistron.nl.mugnet.org
			miquels@hacktic.nl
			miquels@htsa.aha.nl
			(One of these should work!)

- Somewhere in middle 1991
	Made first version of Minicom, based on a not-yet-finished
	window library of Fred van Kempen. Used Non blocking IO
	patches to the kernel for asynchronous IO. Used lots of
	CPU time. Ran under my version of Minix only.
	Decided later to write my own window routines.
	Did away with non blocking IO, started to use a separate
	process for the IO from keyboard to modem.
	Added color routines, perfected communication between
	"keyserv" and minicom.
	Got it running under BSD.

- Februari, 1992.
	Posted Minix version 1.2 to comp.os.minix. Got some feedback ;
	it even ran under Coherent. Changed keyserv to communicate
	with minicom through pipes. Changed some menu's and command
	line interface. Ported it to Sysv and Linux. Changed the
	configuration file to ASCII. Added redialing.

- June, 1992.
	Posted version 1.3 to comp.os.minix.
	Did not seem to work under Linux. Added ~NOECHONL to routines
	in sysdep1.c. Added special Linux case hard coded escape
	sequence for color. Found bug in window.c:wscroll. In full
	screen mode insert line / delete line did not work OK.
	Found bug in window.c:wdelchar. Character under the cursor
	was not correctly deleted. Found bug in keyserv: when running
	an external command (up/download, runscript) and ^A or some
	ALT combination was pressed, keyserv would send too many
	ACK signals back so that minicom would be killed. Now call
	m_flush(0) in ipc.c:keyserv before re-starting keyserv.
	(Posix signal interface could solve this ; however, a lot of
	systems don't have that including Minix 1.5).
	Changed DCD handling ; minicom first tried to find out for 
	itself it the OS and modem supported the DCD line. Now it's
	a configuration option in "modem and dialing".
	Found bug in keyserv.c for Coherent: used #ifdef COHERENT
	instead of _COHERENT.

Sun, Jun 21 1992
	Posted diffs for 1.3 -> 1.3.2

Juli, 1992.
	Got a 386, so installed Linux. Of course, the first thing to do
	(after getting X up :-) was to work on minicom. Now ISIG is on
	when running up/download protocols and runscript, so that you
	can interrupt them. Removed flushing from ipc.c, now the bug with
	windows not getting deleted is solved. Added nice sound effect
	for Linux when connected and when up/download is ready.
	Removed bugs with scroll regions in both vt100.c and window.c.
	ALT key now works under Linux.

March, 1993.
	Been working on new version of minicom that does not use the
	keyserv process on systems with select, has sz/rz builtin,
	has new configuration files and so on. However, this is a
	_big_ project. So I decided to give the 'old' minicom 1.3.2
	a revision because people have been complaining about bugs some
	time. This revision is only tested under Linux and Minix: be warned.

April, 1993.
	Put a beta version of minicom 1.4 up for ftp. Changes made
	_after_ this are:
	Corrected documentation for the new configuration with
	Makefile and config.h. Changed internals of vt100.c and
	window.c so that window.c now handles the translation of
	IBM characters to normal characters, if needed. Can use IBM
	characters in windows now (status line, help window).

August, 1993.
	Changed minicom to use the select() system call, if present.
	The keyserv process is no longer needed for such systems.
	Fixed some bugs in the vt100 emulation (still not complete,
	and never will be..) so that it does not crash anymore.
	Fixed other bugs. Minicom should be pretty stable now.
	'Modulized' the window.c and vt100.c, so that they can be
	used for some other project (can you say: ANSI-BBS?).
	Version number bumped up to 1.5.

October, 1993.
	Added local echo and multiple dial strings, both can be set
	in the dialing directory. Changed the wgets() function to
	allow longer lines to be editted (now scrolls).
	Added a scroll back buffer (yeah!).
	Fixed bug in m_dtrtoggle: dtr never got set high again.. How
	could this ever have worked??
